Feature - move FastaiLRFinder_MNIST.ipynb to examples/notebook (#838)
pytorch/ignite: README.md

    CIFAR100](https://github.com/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/EfficientNet_Cifar100_finetuning.ipynb)
-   [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/Cifar10_Ax_hyperparam_tuning.ipynb)  [Hyperparameters tuning with
    Ax](https://github.com/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/Cifar10_Ax_hyperparam_tuning.ipynb) 

> -   [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/FastaiLRFinder_MNIST.ipynb)  [MNIST example with 3-conv. layer network](https://github.com/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/FastaiLRFinder_MNIST.ipynb) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/FastaiLRFinder_MNIST.ipynb)  [Basic example of LR finder on MNIST](https://github.com/pytorch/ignite/blob/master/examples/notebooks/FastaiLRFinder_MNIST.ipynb) 
```
